Tinylittlenotes is being designed to be your memory on the go. The application will store small bits of information about the people you know so that when you need it the data is available. Such information might be public, personal, or private. The application is intended to be social in nature so that you can invite the people you care about (data wise) to join as well and manage their own data, at which point you can link either use their entries or override with your own.

Tinylittlenotes is not intended to be a contact management tool such as plaxo or linkedin or a social site like myspace or facebook but more of something unique that offers the user a way to manage meta data about people they know. An easy example is the user creates a record for his wife and adds data about her clothing sizes, her perfume preferences, important dates, favorite foods, favorite flowers, etc... and should he ever need to know what the occasion calls for, all he has to do is query his entries in tinylittlenotes via his mobile device or browser.

The social aspect of the application is that a user can invite others to join and become friends. Should this happen the original user and the new user would be linked and the new user could enter her own data so that anyone linked to her could see it with the appropriate permissions (public, private). The linked user would also have the ability to override a local reference to data as well. This is important in that you can keep your own notes about another user. An example of this would be that a user linked to you might have tulips listed as a favorite flower but you prefer roses. In the view for this particular data you would see that the user prefers one thing and you have made a local note of another. This gives the user the flexibility to see both the entries of the record owner as well as a local reference to the same data.